CMake build options BUILD_STATIC_LIBRARY, BUILD_SHARED_LIBRARY, and B… (#492)
Corvusoft/restbed: CMakeLists.txt

#
file( GLOB_RECURSE MANIFEST "${SOURCE_DIR}/*.cpp" )

if ( BUILD_STATIC_LIBRARY )
    set( STATIC_LIBRARY_NAME "${PROJECT_NAME}-static" )
    add_library( ${STATIC_LIBRARY_NAME} STATIC ${MANIFEST} )
    set_property( TARGET ${STATIC_LIBRARY_NAME} PROPERTY CXX_STANDARD 14 )
    set_property( TARGET ${STATIC_LIBRARY_NAME} PROPERTY CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED ON )
    set_target_properties( ${STATIC_LIBRARY_NAME} PROPERTIES OUTPUT_NAME ${PROJECT_NAME} )

    if ( BUILD_SSL )
        target_link_libraries( ${STATIC_LIBRARY_NAME} LINK_PRIVATE ${ssl_LIBRARY_STATIC} ${crypto_LIBRARY_STATIC} ${CMAKE_DL_LIBS} )
    else ( )
        target_link_libraries( ${STATIC_LIBRARY_NAME} ${CMAKE_DL_LIBS} )
    endif ( )
endif ( )

if ( BUILD_SHARED_LIBRARY )
    set( SHARED_LIBRARY_NAME "${PROJECT_NAME}-shared" )
    add_library( ${SHARED_LIBRARY_NAME} SHARED ${MANIFEST} )
    set_property( TARGET ${SHARED_LIBRARY_NAME} PROPERTY CXX_STANDARD 14 )
    set_property( TARGET ${SHARED_LIBRARY_NAME} PROPERTY CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED ON )

>     if ( WIN32 )
>         # Workaround to avoid name clash of static lib and dynamic import lib under windows.
>         set_target_properties( ${SHARED_LIBRARY_NAME} PROPERTIES OUTPUT_NAME "${PROJECT_NAME}-shared" )

Reviewer: Only MSVC uses file names that conflict between shared and static libraries.
Also, the `.dll` does not really need the `-shared` suffix.
So set the `ARCHIVE_OUTPUT_NAME` property additionally.
```suggestion
    if ( MSVC )
        # Workaround to avoid name clash of static lib and dynamic import lib under windows.
        set_target_properties( ${SHARED_LIBRARY_NAME} PROPERTIES OUTPUT_NAME ${PROJECT_NAME} ARCHIVE_OUTPUT_NAME "${PROJECT_NAME}-shared" )
```

This results in the following files:
```
restbed-shared.lib # import library of restbed.dll (shared library)
restbed.dll        # shared library
restbed.lib        # static library
```

Author: Thanks for your feedback. But I'm not sure what the proposed change of yours has to do with my Pull Request. I just have introduced three boolean switches (which default to ON) and have surrounded already existing CMake code with if ( <switch> ) ... endif() (and have indented the lines within it), that's all. It's a very trivial change which should have no impact except offering the possibility to set one (or more) of these new switches to OFF. Therefore I have no idea why one of the tests fails when run on MS-Windows.

Regarding the MS-Windows build: I can neither comment on this nor check it since I'm using Linux only and have no experience with CMake and MS-Windows. But I don't see the correlation with my changes, and furthermore it's a test execution that fails under MS-Windows, not the build, at least that is my understanding.

#
# Install
#
if ( BUILD_DEVEL_PACKAGE )
    file( GLOB ARTIFACTS "${SOURCE_DIR}/*.hpp" )
    install( FILES "${INCLUDE_DIR}/${PROJECT_NAME}" DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX}/include" )
    install( FILES ${ARTIFACTS} DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX}/include/corvusoft/${PROJECT_NAME}" )
endif ( )

if ( BUILD_STATIC_LIBRARY )
    install( TARGETS ${STATIC_LIBRARY_NAME} LIBRARY DESTINATION ${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR} ARCHIVE DESTINATION ${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR} COMPONENT library )
endif ( )

if ( BUILD_SHARED_LIBRARY )

>     install( TARGETS ${SHARED_LIBRARY_NAME} LIBRARY DESTINATION ${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR} ARCHIVE DESTINATION ${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR} COMPONENT library )

Reviewer: You need to install `restbed.dll` too.
```suggestion
    install( TARGETS ${SHARED_LIBRARY_NAME} LIBRARY DESTINATION ${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR} ARCHIVE DESTINATION ${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR} COMPONENT library RUNTIME DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_BINDIR} COMPONENT runtime)
```

Author: What does this proposed change has to do with my Pull Request? I just have indented this already existing line because I have surrounded it with if( <switch> )..endif().

If there is something to improve for the MS-Windows build, I suggest making a separate Pull Request.
